A story 18+ years long

When you can stop thinking about the technology and how you'll pull something off, you can focus on the experience and what you hope to make someone feel.
A loose understanding of what's possible isn't enough. In order to make something groundbreaking, you need to know where the ground is, what it's made out of, what's been used to penetrate it in the past, where the weak spots are and the limitations and strengths of the tools that are capable of penetrating it.

Lasseter
We focused on the story and hiding the technology.

Overnight, the opinion changed. Because the technology was used in the right way, telling the right story.

It’s not the technology that entertains people, it’s what you do with the technology.

The more you dig into the technology and the more you learn it, you are going to get ideas you would never have thought of without knowing your technology.

When you start doing something that’s truly new you will hear, “It’s not going to work.”

I couldn’t wait because I always viewed the technology as simply a tool.

The mediums we use are simply tools for expressing your art.

It’s about characters.
It’s about connecting with that audience.
It’s making that connection where you really deeply entertain an audience.
But it’s not just an art form that we’re in. It’s a business. Entertaining stuff simply just does better.
If you can make people laugh, cry and feel things with a film you make, you will be successful.
No matter what medium, any way you’ve distributed it — it all comes down to your knowledge skills.
What makes a good story? How can I tell it properly?

And your work will not be about the technology. It will be about connecting and entertaining people.

No matter the length of your film — 30 seconds, five minutes, 22 minutes, feature length — it needs a story. It needs a beginning, a middle and an end.

It needs to deeply connect with people.
There are big differences between storytelling at 30 seconds or a feature film. Big differences.

It was never about the drawing to them. It was about that character and what it’s thinking.

As we started developing the story, it was always about emotion. It was always about emotion from day one

It was about emotion, making you feel.

Walt always said, “For every laugh, there should be a tear.”

“Be wrong as fast as you can.” (fatherly advice)

If you create characters people connect with and tell stories that deeply entertain and move them, the audience will come.

